## Tuple
It represents a heterogeneous collection of values. In other words, tuples enable storing multiple fields of different types. It can also be passed as parameters to functions.

### e.g
let mytuple = [10,"Hello"]
or 
type ThreeDCoordinate = [x: number, y: number, z: number];

### You can also declare an empty tuple in Typescript and choose to initialize it later.

let mytuple = []; 
mytuple[0] = 120 
mytuple[1] = 234


## Accessing values in Tuples
Tuple values are individually called items. Tuples are index based. This means that items in a tuple can be accessed using their corresponding numeric index. Tuple item’s index starts from zero and extends up to n-1(where n is the tuple’s size).

### e.g
let mytuple = [10,"Hello"]; 
console.log(mytuple[0]) 
console.log(mytuple[1])

### Tuples support these operations:
- The push(): appends an item to the tuple
- The pop(): removes and returns the last value in the tuple

## Updating Tuples
Tuples are mutable which means you can update or change the values of tuple elements.

### Example
var mytuple = [10,"Hello","World","typeScript"]; //create a  tuple 
console.log("Tuple value at index 0 "+mytuple[0]) 

//update a tuple element 
mytuple[0] = 121     
console.log("Tuple value at index 0 changed to   "+mytuple[0])

### On compiling, it will generate the same code in JavaScript.

## The output of the above code is as follows −
Tuple value at index 0 10 
Tuple value at index 0 changed to 121

## Destructuring a Tuple
Destructuring refers to breaking up the structure of an entity. TypeScript supports destructuring when used in the context of a tuple.

### Example
var a =[10,"hello"] 
var [b,c] = a 
console.log( b )    
console.log( c ) 
On compiling, it will generate following JavaScript code.

//Generated by typescript 1.8.10
var a = [10, "hello"];
var b = a[0], c = a[1];
console.log(b);
console.log(c);

### Its output is as follows −
10 
hello 

